--- 
layout: post 
title:  "2025-06-23: Version 4.67 available"  
date:   2025-06-23 
language: en  
language_reference: 2025-06-23 
published: true 
--- 
{% assign version = "4.67" %} 
 
## {{ page.title }} 
 
The Version {{ version }} of QuickImageComment ist now available. 

### Enhancements and improvements:

* When fields are added to tab "Overview" via context menu in Tab Exif, the format is now Interpreted instead of Original. In this way Exif.Image.XP... are editable in tab "Overview".
* When image orientation is changed via menu Zoom/Rotate or buttons in tool bar, this will be stored when saving the image.
* Rotating the image by changing Exif.Image.Orientation is immediately applied to the image now.
* Show a small earth icon in views thumbnails/tiles if image has GPS data.
* Images can be shown as slide show (menu View/Slideshow).
* New file view "Comment": shows file name and comment assigned to image.
* When fields are added to changeable fields via context menu, additional information is provided. Example: When adding fields for GPS data, as alternative changing GPS data via map is offered.
* For the map, you can now select whether the scale is displayed in km or mi; the search circle in the "Search via properties" screen is defined accordingly in km or mi.
* Map view: When searching for a location, an additional screen can be used to search via parameters, e.g. in a specific country.
* Map view: If the search for a location returns several results, these are displayed in a table from which the appropriate location can be selected.
* New option in the settings for the map view: Hide map if the selected image has no GPS data.
* New menu item "Help / Troubleshooting": Links to new page of quickimagecomment.de, where problems/questions and their solutions/answers can be found.
* Update to exiv2 0.28.5.

### The following errors have been fixed:

* Exif.Image.XP... was not editable in Tab Exif
* Program crashed if a tag of type "LangAlt" was present without a language entry.

### Download

[Program 64-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/v{{ version }}/
QIC-64Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit - .Net 4.6.1 or higher](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/v{{ version }}/
QIC-32Bit-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[Program 32-Bit for Windows XP with .Net 4.0](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/v{{ version }}/
QIC-Net4WinXP-{{ version }}.zip)<br>
[User Manual](https://github.com/QuickImageComment/QuickImageComment/releases/download/v{{ version }}/QIC_User_Manual-{{ version }}.pdf)
